Software Developer Intern
Please enter in your details. Required fields are marked with a red asterisks 

Name : Jordy Bukonda

Surname : Tshibangu

Passport No : OP 0316010

Contact No : 068 262 8337

Email Address : jordytshibss@gmail.com

Current Physical Address : 9 Retief Street Bellville, Cape Town, SA

Province : Western Cape 

Relocate : Yes

Postal Code : 7530


Please enter the following fields where applicable.
Notice Period : 1 month

Current Cost to Company : 0 ( not working)

Years of Experience : 1 year

Answer all questions as best possible

Question 1
How did you hear about this position? 
* LinkedIN
Question 2

Please confirm the name of the Job Portal / Tertiary Institution / Agency / Person who referred you.
* LinkedIN
Question 3

Do you have Matric/Grade 12 or equivalent qualification?
* No, but have an alternative qualification equivalent to Matric
￼
Question 4
Have you completed a relevant tertiary qualification?
* Yes

Question 5
If yes, what type of tertiary qualification?
* National Diploma in Computer System (Electrical Engineering)
￼
Question 6
If currently still studying, are you in your final year?
* Not Applicable
￼
Question 7
What type of transport do you use?
* Public transport 
￼
Question 8
Do you have any relevant work experience other than the experience gained at a Tertiary institution? If yes, please elaborate.

* I worked as an intern software developer at Nona creative for a year. During my time at Nona , I was assigned to work on the frontend of go2Africa and was given the responsibility to write test in Cypress and later on, I was also assigned to perform QAs.

Question 9
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your Linux skills?
Please select an option

* 2/5

Question 10
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your PHP skills?
Please select an option

* 2.5/5
Question 11
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your HTML Skills?
Please select an option

* 4/5
Question 12
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your CSS Skills?
Please select an option

* 3/5
Question 13
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your JavaScript Skills?
Please select an option

* 3.5/5
Question 14
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your SQL Skills?
Please select an option

* 2/5
Question 15
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your Java Skills?
Please select an option
￼
* 2.5/5
Question 16
On a scale of 0 to 5 (with 5 being the highest), how would you rate your Objective C Skills?
Please select an option

* 0/5
Question 17
Do you have any experience with GIT or any similar version control?
Please select an option

* Yes
Question 18
Please list any other relevant programming language you have experience with:

* Javascript (React Js, Vue Js, NodeJs, Express Js, GraphQL), PHP (Laravel, WordPress),Java (Basics)

Question 19
Please list any other relevant development technologies you have experience with:

* Sass, Tailwind, Bootstrap 4, Material UI, React Bootstrap, git

Question 20
Are you looking for an internship with Full Time Hours or Part-Time Hours?
* Full time
￼
Question 21
If looking for a Part Time Internship, please indicate the days and hours in a week you are available to work?

* Not applicable
Question 22
Please describe a pet project you are currently working on or have worked on, which you want to boast about:

* I am currently working on 2connect. 2connect is a platform that helps people looking for jobs and allows a simple user to register as well as a company ( note that only a company can post a job )  and if a user is interested, he/ she can email the individual who posted the Job via email directly from the app (using a technology called Sendgrid ) and a company or a user can post about professional matters in his timeline. The app is built using the MERN stack (React Js, Express Js on Node and MongoDB for the database)

Question 23
Describe yourself using 5 adjectives
* I am a hardworking person, smart, curious, fast learner, and patient


Question 24
Do you prefer working in a Team or do you prefer flying Solo?
* Team 
￼
Question 25
Are you currently employed?
* No
￼
Question 26
Why do you think you are the most suitable candidate for this position?

* I personally think that I am the most suitable candidate for this position because I have an experience in the industry and possess skills , I am a fast learner and I will fit in perfectly and be a great addition to the team. 
Question 27
What is your salary expectation?
* R5,000 - R7,500





